Updates to CEO listening tour page (#174)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/operations/company-cadence.md

## CEO Listening Tours

> Listening to feedback is vital to iteration, and to continually improving everything we do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Listening to feedback is vital to iteration and to continually improve everything we do.
```

Feedback and listening is at the core of our self-awareness leadership principle. We have annonymous feedback available in every weekly Customer Obsession/All-Hands Meeting. 

> CEO Listening Tours happen over Zoom in meetings around 25-30 minutes with different groups of 5-8 staff, typically withing a department or in a related function. Managers of the team members in the group are typically not in the listening tour group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CEO Listening Tours happen over Zoom in meetings around 25-30 minutes with different groups of 5-8 staff, typically within the same department or in a related function. Managers of the team members in the group are typically not included in the meeting.
```

> Some notes about Listening Tours: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some notes about listening tours: 
```

> - It's an opportunity to hear from staff about their likes and wishes, which could be about their team, their department, the company in general, or on any topic. These could be likes and wishes off the top of your head, or maybe it's something you've been thinking about for a while. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It's an opportunity to hear from staff about their likes and wishes, which could be about their team, their department, the company in general, or on any topic. These could be likes and wishes off the top of your head, or maybe something you've been thinking about for a while. 
```

> - The priority of the meeting is listening. During these sessions CEO takes notes and refrains from commentary, though may ask follow-up questions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The priority of the meeting is listening. During these sessions the CEO takes notes and refrains from commentary, though may ask follow-up questions. 
```

> - At the end of the session CEO reads back what they heard. The notes are shared with the management chain between CEO and the group to share feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- At the end of the session the CEO reads back what they heard. The notes are shared with the management team/s of the group.
```

> - It is up to managers on how to process and address the feedback at the team level and CEO will be able to incorporate the information at the company level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It's then up to managers to decide how to process and address the feedback at the team level. The CEO can also incorporate the information at the company level.
```

- In the past, participants and managers of listening tours have found the meetings productive for uncovering blindspots at the company and within departments.

> If you're not able to make a particular listening meeting, please ping Amy Nicol to add you to a different slot. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're not able to make a particular listening meeting, please ping @amy.nicol to add you to a different slot. 
```
